Workspace Settings
-> Should be able to set domain for workspace.
-> Should be able to invite users via link and get approved by admin or moderator.


Prompt 5

Enable "Clear Message History" to work. Let it first show a confirmation popup first. Remember it should not use the browser's native popup.
Do the same for the "Block" button and make it to also change to unblock and do the same.

Users does not seem to be able to leave a workspace. There is no place, function, or feature for that. Fix it. Also, make sure there is a leave request which must be approved by the workspace admin or moderator before the user is allowed to leave.

Also, the notification button does not seem to be showing when there is no workspace. i.e. for new users. Fix that.

Let the default status be "online" not offline.


Prompt 6C
Allow users to be able to pin channels (up to 5 pins)
Allow users to be able to freely rearrange the channels order by dragging. Pinned items must always stay at the top but can be rearranged within the top.
When a user clicks "Join" for a channel. The join button should change to "Cancel Request" or "Cancel" something related (maybe use a shorter word). The cancel request should cancel the invitation from sending to the moderator or admin... when clicked, it should turn back to "Join"

A page reload is required for the admin to see requests that were sent while the page was not loaded. E.g. Channel join request. Fix that. A page reload should not be required.

When a page is blurred (for instance, when the browse channels is clicked. Incoming notifications should come above the blur not below. for instance, the notification that comes when a join button is clicked.

Prompt 7C
If I enter the notification sent for someone that requested to join a channel or someone that messaged me, clicking it should take that action i.e. Go to where I can approve the user to join the channel, or enter the person's inbox, or channel inbox, or whatever.

There should be notification settings where you can toggle on or off different type of notifications, and forms of notifications. i.e. Notifications for channels messages, notifications for direct messages, etc. Also, each channel should have a place where you can mute the channel notifications so you don't receive it for that particular channel unless you unmute. This can be placed in the channel settings.


Prompt 8

Also, allow users to be able to delete their account in their settings. Include two options "Deactivate" and "Delete". Deactivate just shuts down their account and mandate them to activate it back during login while retaining all their information. If the user selects "Delete", the system waits for 30 days and then deletes all their information. There should be appropriate warning and instructions for these. If the user deletes their account and log in within the duration of 30 days, they are given the option to "Restore" their account which brings their account back to live and stops it or their information from deleting after 30 days. Also, the same username should not be allowed for any other user even after all their information has been deleted - this stops any form of fraud. However, the same email can be used after the information has been wiped out and if the same username tries to register but with the same email (as the previous account), then it should be allowed.

Also, add the feature of instant delete, where the user instantly deletes their account and wipes all their information without the waiting of 30 days. This can be reversed within 24 hours (after which their whole information should be wiped out).

Prompt 9

Yes, so upon deletion, also reserve email addresses (in case they want to claim their username back).

Also, add a functional search icon for direct messages.

Also, for mobile, (check the image to see), the message box should be sort of sticky and always in view so the user does not have to scroll down before seeing the message box or area to type.

Also on mobile, the rearrangement for channels is not working properly - when dragged, it does not stay where I put it.

Also, when the channels are dragged, they should stay there even when the page is reloaded or when the user logs out and logs in back. Also, new channels should be added to the bottom (stacked at the bottom) not the top.

Also, the pin feature isn't working. It shows failed to toggle pin or workspace id required or some other error.

See some errors from the browser console:

Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
Dashboard.jsx:326 Error fetching my requests: AxiosError: Request failed with status code 404
    at settle (settle.js:20:7)
    at XMLHttpRequest.onloadend (xhr.js:62:9)
(anonymous) @ Dashboard.jsx:326
Dashboard.jsx:154 Socket connected
:5000/api/channels/requests/me?workspaceId=69fa26a90f308b6941321c09:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
Dashboard.jsx:326 Error fetching my requests: AxiosError: Request failed with status code 404
    at settle (settle.js:20:7)
    at XMLHttpRequest.onloadend (xhr.js:62:9)
(anonymous) @ Dashboard.jsx:326
:5000/api/channels/requests/me?workspaceId=69fa26a90f308b6941321c09:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
Dashboard.jsx:326 Error fetching my requests: AxiosError: Request failed with status code 404
    at settle (settle.js:20:7)
    at XMLHttpRequest.onloadend (xhr.js:62:9)
(anonymous) @ Dashboard.jsx:326
:5000/api/channels/requests/me?workspaceId=69fa26a90f308b6941321c09:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
Dashboard.jsx:326 Error fetching my requests: AxiosError: Request failed with status code 404
    at settle (settle.js:20:7)
    at XMLHttpRequest.onloadend (xhr.js:62:9)
(anonymous) @ Dashboard.jsx:326
:5000/api/channels/69fb521a24c5a3fc9768089a/pin:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)



Prompt 4

Also, add individual settings for channels and even for direct messages. Channels settings should be different so even people who are just channel moderators can access the settings for channels. ***

When I click leave channel, the dialog that comes up is the browser's native popup. Change that. ***

Channel requests not working on production.

Online / Offline status not working properly.

Can't view other people's profile when their name is clicked. Fix this.

There should be notifications for when you're made a moderator. A notification should also be sent to the admin and other mods that the particular person has been made to be a moderator.

The notification panel when clicked is out of screen boundaries on mobile devices.

The set expiry date pops up in a native browser popup. change it. Change everything that pops up in a native browser popup.

The edit profile & status function isn't working. Throws error: 

index-0nw3njL5.js:34 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'emoji')
    at zs (index-0nw3njL5.js:34:21016)
    at So (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:47495)
    at mc (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:70006)
    at jc (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:80269)
    at Mu (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:115668)
    at ku (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:114749)
    at Ou (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:114587)
    at gu (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:111452)
    at ld (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:123102)
    at id (index-0nw3njL5.js:8:121662)


Prompt 3 - Done

Notification view issue on mobile. ***

I need to reload before I see a request to join the channel or before I see I've been allowed to join the channel (things like this require a reload)... Fix this.

When a user requested to join a channel, the notification sent was duplicated (two same notifications where sent). Fix that. Also, when the notifications were clicked, nothing happened.

***

I don't like how the info button for the channels react. It pushes up the message button and stuff when clicked. Work on it so it pops something at the right side instead of coming from under.

When the notification button is clicked, it doesn't close when I click out on an empty space (unless I click the notifications button again). Fix that.


Remove the star emoji and change the "Beginning of history" text to - "“The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.” — Steve Jobs." Make it fancy and stylish but simple.

Introduce the feature for members to leave a channel or exit a workspace. There should be a confirmation for both. But specifically for the workspace, the user should be asked to put in his password before he can successfully exit the workspace.



Prompt 2
Change "Invite sent successfully" to green instead of red. - Done

Users should need approval to join channels. When they click join, a request is sent to the admin of the workspace. Generally, moderators should be assigned to a channel so they can also approve a user request to join. Also, a user should need approval to create a channel - when the create button is clicked, the request should be sent to admins and if approved, the channel is created, and that user is a moderator. - Done

Admins/Owners should be able to revoke moderator rights too.

Introduce the feature for a user to be able to leave a channel and for an admin or moderator to remove a user from a channel or set an expiry date for a member to be automatically removed from a channel.

When a user joins a workspace and tries to join a channel in the workspace. It brings error "workspace id is required" probably because the user never created a workspace. Fix that.


Prompt 1
I invited a user to a workspace, the inivitation was sent but when the user clicked "join", nothing happened. The workspace wasn't added. Fix that.

Also, in the workspace settings, add it that admins and moderators can edit the workspace slug and let it be able to be used to invite users to join the workspace but their invitation would be pending till an admin or moderator approved it.

Also, the admin should be able to see the person that approved a member request to join the workspace, or the moderator that elevated a user's positon to moderator, and so on.

also, change the invite sent successfully button from red to green.

Lastly, in the workspace settings, there should be able to set the workspace domain (users with email that have the domain can see and request to join the workspaces related/linked to it).